EasyChair Terms of Service

Thank you for choosing EasyChair!

(1) Terms and Conditions of Service

1.1 Cool Press Ltd ("we" or "us" or "Cool Press") provides EasyChair
Conference Management services (the "Service") that allow you to
manage document submission, reviewing, publishing, program generation,
content management, registration, user management, email management
and monitoring, and accounting for conferences, workshops, journals,
books, special issues and any other events or publications. We ask
that you read these Terms and Conditions of Service (the "Terms"),
because your use of the Service constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms without modification. If you do not agree to these terms, do not
use the Service. Thanks.

1.2 If you use the Service on behalf of a company, organisation, or
other entity, then
  (a) "you" includes you and that entity, and
  (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorised
  representative of the entity with the authority to bind the entity
  to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entity's
  behalf.

1.3 We reserve the right to update the Service at any time at our
discretion without notice to you. Such updates are designed to
improve, enhance and further develop the Service and may take the form
of bug fixes, enhanced functions, new modules, or other forms. You
agree to receive such updates and permit us to deliver these to you as
part of your use of the Service.

1.4 Additional terms may apply to some of our services. For example,
if you use our conference registration module, additional terms apply
to your use of this module. All of these are referred to below as the
“Additional Terms”. We will tell you when Additional Terms apply. If
there is any contradiction between what the Additional Terms say and
what these Terms say, then the Additional Terms shall take precedence
in relation to that Service.

(2) Licence

2.1 We grant you a non-transferable, non-exclusive, non-sub-licensable,
royalty-free worldwide right and licence ("Licence") to use the
Service. It does not include reselling or repurposing any Cool Press
product, service, or data. If you are unclear about whether your use
is acceptable under these terms, please contact us. The contact
information will be available by clicking on the "Terms and
conditions" menu item of the Service.

2.2 Your use of the Service does not create a partnership, joint
venture or agency relationship or similar relationship between us and
you.

2.3 You are expressly prohibited to reproduce, redistribute,
duplicate, copy, sell, trade or resell the Service for any purpose,
unless you have been specifically permitted to do so in a separate
agreement with Cool Press.

(3) Your Use of the Service

3.1 You represent that you are of legal age to form a binding contract
and are not a person barred from receiving the Service under any
applicable jurisdiction.

3.2 You agree to use the Service only for purposes that are permitted
  (a) by the Terms and
  (b) any applicable law, regulation, or generally accepted practices
  or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions.

3.3 You agree not to access (or attempt to access) the Service through
any technology or means other than through the interface that is
provided by Cool Press. You specifically agree not to access (or
attempt to access) any part of the Service through any automated
means, including without limitation scripts, web crawlers, robots,
spiders, offline readers, etc.

3.4 You agree that you will not engage in any activity that interferes
with or disrupts the Service or another person's use of the servers
and networks which are connected to the Service.

3.5 You must not use the Service
  (a) to harm, threaten, stalk or otherwise harass another person or
  organisation;
  (b) to impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or
  otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity;
  hide or attempt to hide your identity;
  (c) to attempt to compromise the Service integrity or security or
  decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the
  Service;
  (d) to violate any applicable law or regulation;
  (e) to transmit spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email;
  (f) for any commercial solicitation purposes.

3.6 You acknowledge and agree that Cool Press may set upper limits on
the number of transmissions you may send or receive through the
Service or on the amount of storage space used for the provision of
any Service. Such upper limits may be set by Cool Press at any time,
at our discretion.

(4) Registration, Account and Password

4.1 In order to access the Service, you may be required to provide
information about yourself, such as identification or contact details,
(the "Registration Data") as part of the registration process for the
Service, or as part of your continued use of the Service. You agree to
  (a) provide Registration Data that is true, accurate, current and
  complete and
  (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it
  true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information
  that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Cool Press
  has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue,
  inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Cool Press, in its sole
  discretion, has the right to suspend or terminate your account and
  refuse any and all current or future use of the Service.

4.2 You agree and understand that you are fully responsible for all
activities that occur under any account you use to access the Service.

4.3 You must keep your accounts and passwords confidential and not
authorise any third party to access or use the service on your
behalf. You understand that any third party that has access to your
account can reset your password, disable your access to the Service,
view any content accessible from your account, or post any content,
including content that violates these Terms or other laws, regulations
or rules.

4.4. You agree to immediately notify Cool Press of any unauthorised
use of your password or account, and ensure that you sign out from
your account at the end of each session.
 
4.5 You acknowledge and agree that if Cool Press disables access to
your account, you may be prevented from accessing the Service, your
account details or any Content (as defined below) accessible via the
Service.

(5) Content

5.1 You understand that all information, data, text, software, music,
sound, photographs, graphics, video, papers, reviews, messages, tags
or other materials which you may have access to as part of, or through
your use of, the Service ("Content"), whether publicly posted or
privately transmitted, are the sole responsibility of the person from
whom such Content originated.

5.2 "Your Content" is any content that you provide, create, email,
post, submit, input, upload or otherwise make available (hereinafter
simply "post") on the Service. You understand that you, and not Cool
Press, are entirely responsible for all Content that you post. Cool
Press does not control the Content posted via the Service and does not
guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Content.

5.3 By posting any Content you warrant that you have all the rights
necessary for you to post it.

5.4 You have the written consent of each identifiable individual
natural person in Your Content to use such person's name or likeness
in the manner contemplated by the Service and these Terms.

5.5 Cool Press claims no ownership or control over any Content
submitted, posted or displayed by you on or through the Service. You
or a third party licensor, as appropriate, retain all patent,
trademark and copyright to Your Content.

5.6 You acknowledge that Cool Press has no obligation to monitor
Content and shall have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole
discretion to refuse, move or remove any Content that is available via
the Service and that violates the Terms or is otherwise objectionable.

5.7 You agree that you are solely responsible for (and that Cool Press
will take no responsibility and assume no liability to you or to any
third party for) any Content that you post while using the Service and
for the consequences of your actions by doing so.

5.8 You understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to Content
that is inaccurate, offensive, defamatory, indecent, objectionable or
inappropriate for children, and that, in this respect, you use the
Service at your own risk, and you agree that Cool Press shall not be
liable for any damages you allege to incur as a result of such
Content. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks
associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the
accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such Content. In this regard,
you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content.

5.9 Content may be subject to posted limitations on usage,
reproduction or dissemination, and you are responsible for adhering to
such limitations if you download the Content.

5.10 You agree not to post any Content that
  (a) may constitute or contribute to a crime or tort;
  (b) contains any information or content that is unlawful, violating
  third-party rights of any kind, harmful, abusive, racially or
  ethnically offensive, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal
  privacy or publicity rights, harassing, humiliating to other people
  (publicly or otherwise), libellous, threatening, profane, or
  otherwise objectionable;
  (c) contains invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents;
  (d) infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or
  other proprietary rights of any party;
  (e) contains unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, promotional
  materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any
  other form of solicitation;
  (f) contains files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or
  limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or
  telecommunications equipment;

5.11 You understand that Cool Press may need, and you hereby grant
Cool Press the right, to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, distribute,
and display Content solely to the extent necessary to provide the
Service.

5.12 You understand that Content presented to you as part of the
Service may be protected by intellectual property rights which may be
owned by Cool Press or by users from whom such Content originated.
You may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create
derivative works based on this Content (either in whole or in part)
unless you have been specifically told that you may do so by the
owners of the Content in a separate agreement.

5.13 You are responsible for backing up any data that you have access
to on the Service. We may permanently delete any Content from our
servers. We can suspend or cancel your access to the Service or parts
thereof and have no obligation to return data to you after the access
is suspended or cancelled. Some data may be stored with an expiration
date, we may also delete the data as of that date. Data that is
deleted may be irretrievable.

5.14 Any Content you post on the Service may be available to other
users of the Service. The set of users who have access to such Content
may depend on the Service, may or may not be known to you, and may
change at any time. By posting any Content you agree that anyone who
may have access to this Content in connection with the Service has
free, nonexclusive permission to use the Content solely in connection
with the Service.

(6) No Warranty

6.1 We provide the Service using commercially reasonable
efforts. However, the Service is provided "as is" without warranty of
any kind. You expressly understand and agree that your use the
Service is at your own risk. Cool Press specifically disclaims, to the
maximum extent permitted by law, any express or implied warranties of
merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular
purpose, non-infringement, the absence of defects or errors, that any
defects or errors will be corrected, or that the Service is free of
viruses or any other harmful components.

6.2 We cannot guarantee the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of
information available from the Service. Any content downloaded or
otherwise obtained through the Service is downloaded at your own risk
and we are not responsible for any damage to your computer system or
loss of data that results from such download.

(7) Limitation of Liability

7.1 Nothing in these Terms shall exclude or limit Cool Press liability
for losses which may not be lawfully excluded or limited by applicable
law.

7.2 Subject to overall provision in paragraph 7.1 above, Cool Press
shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, punitive,
consequential or exemplary damages, including without limitation any
loss of profit, loss of goodwill or business reputation, or loss of
data; any damage, loss or injury resulting from
  (a) any reliance placed by you on the accuracy, completeness, or
  usefulness of any content accessed via the Service;
  (b) any permanent or temporary cessation, delays or failures in the
  provision of the Service or any part thereof;
  (c) hacking, tampering or other unauthorised access of your account
  or the information contained therein;
  (d) your or any third party use of Content;
  (e) content on third-party websites, third-party programs, or
  third-party conduct accessed via the Service;
  (f) viruses or other disabling features that affect your access to
  or use of the Service or may be transmitted to or through the
  Service by any third party;
  (g) incompatibility between the Service and other services,
  software, or hardware;
  (h) your failure to provide Cool Press with accurate Registration
  Data or other information required by the Service;
  (i) your failure to keep your password or account details secure and
  confidential;
  (j) any changes which Cool Press may make to the Service;
  (k) the deletion of, corruption of, or failure to store, any Content
  or other data maintained or transmitted by or through your use of
  the Service;
  (l) unauthorised access to or alteration in your transmissions of
  data;
  (m) claims for breach of contract; breach of warranty, guarantee or
  condition; strict liability; tort (including negligence or breach of
  statutory duty); or misrepresentation;
  (n) any reliance placed by you on the completeness, accuracy or
  existence of any advertising that appears on the Service;
  (o) any relationship or transaction between you and any advertiser
  or sponsor whose advertising appears on the Service,
  (p) your failure to comply with these Terms.

7.3 The limitations on Cool Press liability to you in paragraph 7.2
above shall apply whether or not Cool Press has been advised of or
should have been aware of the possibility of any such losses arising.

(8) Indemnity

You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Cool Press and its
subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders and other
partners, and employees, from any claim or demand, including
reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising
out of
  (a) Your Content;
  (b) your use of the Service;
  (c) your violation of these Terms,
  (d) your violation of any third-party rights,
  (e) your violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation;

(10) Privacy and Your Personal Information

10.1 We shall take all reasonable care to ensure that we comply with
our obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998.

10.2 For information about Cool Press data protection practices,
please read the Cool Press privacy policy at
http://easychair.org/privacy.cgi. This policy explains how Cool Press
treats your personal information, and protects your privacy, when you
use the Service.

10.3 You agree to the use of your data in accordance with our privacy
policies.

10.4 In order to operate and provide the Service, we collect certain
information about you. As part of the Service, we may also
automatically upload information about your computer, your use of the
Service, and Service performance. You acknowledge, consent and agree
that Cool Press may in its sole discretion access, preserve and
disclose any such information if required to do so by law or in a good
faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably
necessary to:
  (a) comply with legal process;
  (b) enforce these Terms; 
  (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third
  parties;
  (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or 
  (e) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety
  of Cool Press, its users or the public as required or permitted by
  law. 

(11) Termination

11.1 You agree that Cool Press may, under certain circumstances and
without prior notice, immediately terminate your account, any
associated email addresses, and access to the Service. Cause for such
termination shall include, but not be limited to
  (a) breaches, violations or purported breaches or violations of
  these Terms or any Additional Terms;
  (b) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies;
  (c) discontinuance or modification to the Service (or any part
  thereof);
  (d) unexpected technical or security issues or problems;
  (e) extended periods of inactivity;
  (f) nonpayment of any fees owed by you in connection with the
  Service;
  (g) a request by you.

11.2 If you want to terminate your legal agreement with Cool Press,
you may do so by closing your accounts for all of the services which
you use, where Cool Press has made this option available to you.

11.3 You agree that all terminations shall be made in our sole
discretion and that Cool Press shall not be liable to you or any third
party for any termination of your account, any associated email
addresses, or access to the Service.

(12) General Legal Terms

12.1 This is the entire contract between you and us regarding the
Service. It supersedes any prior contract or oral or written
statements regarding your use of the Service.

12.2 All parts of these Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by
relevant law. If a court holds that we cannot enforce a part of these
Terms as written, you and we will replace this part with similar one
to the extent enforceable under the relevant law, but the rest of this
contract will remain unchanged.

12.3 You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary,
any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the
Service or the Terms must be filed within one year after such claim or
cause of action arose or be forever barred.

12.4 These Terms and the relationship between you and Cool Press shall
be governed and construed in accordance with English law. In relation
to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection
with this Terms ("Proceedings"), each of the parties irrevocably
submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts and waives
any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the grounds of venue or
on the grounds that Proceedings have been brought in an inappropriate
forum.

